Device: Don't remove an existing target directory when unmounting a `disk` device if the original dir hasn't been created by LXD (#12700)
canonical/lxd: doc/config_options.txt

<!-- config group instance-snapshots end -->
<!-- config group instance-volatile start -->

> ```{config:option} volatile.<name>.<target_path>.dir_created_by_lxd instance-volatile

Reviewer: Do we required `name` and `target_path`? Or could the device name alone be sufficient? If you name the device `mnt` and mount it to `mnt` inside the container you get `volatile.mnt.mnt.dir_created_by_lxd` which might be redundant.

Author: Yes, I can try to chhange the logic a bit to remove `target_path` from the key.

Author: fixed

Possible values are `true` or `false`.
```

```{config:option} volatile.<name>.last_state.created_path instance-volatile

> :shortdesc: "Path of the newly created target directory mounted from a `disk` device"

Reviewer 2: Still too long :(
```suggestion
:shortdesc: "Path of the directory created from mounting a `disk` device"
```

:type: "string"

> Path of the created target directory that might have been mounted from a host directory by a `disk` device.
> For example, if the target directory is `/opt` and that it already exists in the instance, then this key will not be set.
> However, if the target directory is `/opt/foo` and that it doesn't exist in the instance, then this key will be set to `/opt/foo`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If mounting a host directory through a `disk` device creates the target directory, this option contains the path of this newly created target directory.
For example, if the target directory is `/opt` and `/opt` already exists in the instance, this key is not set.
However, if the target directory is `/opt/foo` and `/opt/foo` doesn't exist in the instance, this key is set to `/opt/foo`.
```
